successions season two is about to
premiere so if you haven't seen season
one or you just need a refresher we've
got you covered this is everything you
need to know about succession season one
in five minutes or less succession
follows a Murdock s family known as the
Roy's who owned a global media empire
which encompasses a movie studio news
network
theme parks and just about everything
else under the Sun the family patriarch
is Logan Roy he runs the company way
star Royko and as the series begins he's
at a very precarious place amongst his
children he plans on making his current
wife Marsha his successor and he
blindsides his son Kendall by refusing
to step down as CEO a job Kendall was to
take over the very next day on his ABF
birthday Logan suffers a stroke an
inciting incident to the family turmoil
that would follow
Kendall Roy is furious over his father's
decision to remain CEO and spends most
of season one trying to stage a company
coup although he's struggling with his
own demons namely a worsening drug
problem Kendall thinks Logan's age and
declining health are leading to
questionable business decisions and he
should therefore be ousted one of those
questionable business decisions was
Logan firing his longtime friend and
business partner Frank to hire on his
youngest son Roman as the new CEO Oh
Roman is loud and brash he's cocky but
immature and lacks the focus and ideas
needed to properly lead a company in
fact he's failed at several leadership
positions notably as the head of waste
our Oikos film division he
embarrassingly passed on a huge holiday
tentpole Logan's only daughter Shiv
largely stays out of the drama of the
family business she's a political
consultant working for presidential
candidate Gill Eavis who is publicly
against waste our Roy COEs attempted
takeover of local news and their Fox
News like Network etienne although she
is working for a public rival of her
family's company Shiv is engaged to Tom
Williams Ganz who heads way star Royko
sparks division working under Tom in the
parks to
is cousin Greg Greg is a bit of a
bumbling stoner he means well but
appears completely out of his depth in
the cutthroat billion-dollar business
world despite that he seems savvy enough
to stumble his way up the corporate
ladder by being in the right place at
the right time to uncover a lot of
company secrets notably he and Tom
discover a massive cover-up on the way
star Roy co-owned cruise ships involving
sexual assault and murder on the high
seas and it's here where I'll say if
you're watching this video because you
haven't seen season one of succession at
all
go watch succession the absolute genius
beauty of Tom and Greg's relationship
can't be adequately summarized by a
quick recap video trying to seduce me
Tommy anyway Logan's eldest son is only
from a previous marriage is Connor Roy
Connor largely stays out of the company
politics instead residing on a ranch and
living in libertine lifestyle but don't
let that fool you he's just as messed up
as the rest of his family having an
inflated sense of self-worth
pretentiousness and delusions of
grandeur he also happens to be paying a
young woman named Willa to be his
girlfriend so those are the characters
in the family and for the most part
season one sees the Roy children on a
united front against their father and
his wife Marcia Kendall tries to stage a
vote of no-confidence and gives Logan
amongst the waist are roy coab board
members but after missing the meeting
due to being caught up in traffic and
roman bending to the will of his father
Logan remains CEO and a scandal from the
company this further sends Kendall's
life into disarray but he continues to
try to take Logan down from the outside
the season culminates at the wedding of
Shiv and Tom at the wedding Shiv
confesses to Tom she has been cheating
on him with fellow political consultant
Nate but the newly married couple
managed to work things out Connor
decides and all of his self-aware glory
to run for president of the United
States
well okay Wow Roman who was responsible
for overseeing a rocket launch sees his
plans literally go up in flames
and then there's Kendall he's made plans
to overthrow Logan via a hostile
takeover with his old friend Stewie and
Logan's business rival sandy he's got
Logan backed into a corner but when his
father lashes out at him in anger
Kendall goes off in search of drugs
resulting in a car crash and the death
of his drug contact a waiter at Shiv and
Tom's wedding the next day Logan makes
it very clear to Kendall that the flow
of power has once again shifted back to
the elder Roy
Kendall's hotel keycard was found in the
waiters car and if the waiters death was
to go away without consequence Kendall
would have to pull out of the way star
take over and so Kendall has left a
blubbering crying fool and forced to let
his father clean up the giant mess he
has made the season then ends with Logan
firmly in power of way star Royko and
Kendall seemingly falling back in line
as a company yes-man what will happen in
season two how will this family deal
with all of the chaos they caused in
season one let me know your thoughts in
the comments below if you liked this
video and want to see more like it
consider hitting those like and
subscribe buttons thanks for watching
and I'll see you in the next one